The outcome of local treatment for advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains poor, with therapies such as induction chemotherapy (IC) yielding conflicting results. This study aimed to assess the clinicopathologic and prognostic significance of the excision repair cross-complementation group 1 (ERCC1), beclin-1, and glucose-regulated protein of molecular mass 78 (GRP78) in patients with locally advanced NSCLC receiving docetaxel-platinum IC, along with efficacy and safety.
The malignant biological behavior of gastric cancer(GC) is not only determined by cancer cells alone, but also closely regulated by the microenvironment. Fibroblasts represent a large proportion of the components in the tumor microenvironment, and they promote the development of disease. Currently, accumulating evidence suggests that exosomes can function as intercellular transport systems to relay their contents, especially microRNAs(miRNAs).
For whole esophagus and T-shaped field radiotherapy using intensity modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) technique in advanced esophageal cancer, lower absorbed doses to lung and heart remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to investigate the dosimetric superiority in IMRT plans with jaw tracking technique for whole esophagus radiotherapy.
Small cell lung cancer (SCLC) is a malignant neuroendocrine tumor with very high mortality. Effective new therapy for advanced SCLC patients is urgently needed. By screening a FDA-approved drug library, we identified a cardiac glycoside (CG), namely digoxin (an inhibitor of cellular Na
We report a case of a 51-year-old man with limbic encephalitis (LE) associated with antibodies against the ¦Á-Amino-3-Hydroxy-5-Methyl-4-Isoxazolepropionic acid receptor (AMPAR). The patient presented with anterograde memory loss for 2 months. Cranial magnetic resonance and electroencephalogram were normal. AMPAR antibodies were found in blood serum and cerebrospinal fluid. All other test results were unremarkable. CT scans found a tumor in the right lobus superior pulmonis. A CT-guided needle biopsy was performed and pathological results showed small cell lung cancer (SCLC). The patient was diagnosed with LE associated with AMPAR antibodies and SCLC. Three months after immunotherapy and tumor removal, patient's memory was partially restored. We recommend that AMPAR antibodies should be detected in patients with classic LE with or without tumor. Prompt treatment of the tumor and immunotherapy are important.
